As a Project Manager for the development of mobile application for client who is a creating a startup 
in custom designed t-shirt company, I would use agile development mode to satisfy his application needs.
Among agile model, we will use Rapid Application Development(RAD) methodology.

Using Rapid application development methodologies we will used different phases to develop application:
1. Requirements and planning:
	a. Here we will use find requirement that are needed to imagine how the software we are building looks like.
	b. User requirements, System requirements (both functional and non-functional requirements) are identified and gathered here.
	c. We then estimate the budget required for creating this application using appropriate estimation model.
	d. We also find different constraints and scope of application in early phase.
	e. we develop SRS(software requirement specification documents) which we will refer throughout out application development.
	f. active participation of client during requirement phase is done.

2.	User Design phase:
	a. Here we interact with users to develop different models and create prototype application for custom designed t-shirt company.  
	b. we use case tools to identify features to translate this user needs.
	c. Since RAD is an iterative process we continuously modify the design and create model that both user and developer agree on.
	d. for android application we include different elements in design model such as features, modules, classes and methods according to
	   user needs.
	e. Here outline of application is done such as the main interface and different tabs according for correct viewing  and working.

3.	Rapid construction:
	a. we complete the detail design of the system we proposed here.
	b. Actual program is done here in the suitable environment using our chosen programming languages.
		for android application, we use Android studio, SDK and JAVA languages for construction.
	c. Since we are following RAD, we introduce models and features that are important and identified first as a modules
		and create a working prototype.
	d. Here we verify the system and test with with both ideal and real world datas.
	e. The data flow and the interfaces between all the components will be thoroughly tested with complete test coverage.
	f. The testing is also done using emulators. 
	
4.	Transition
	a. After the full scale testing we prepare the application for transition.
		such as making the application available in application store for respective platforms.
	b. Different guides is made for ease use of application and user training to navigate the application	.
	c. At we are using RAD, we again follow previous phases of design and construction to include new features 
		as well as modify and debug the present one.
	d. Throughout the working period of application we provide software maintenance.	